when its a call when i need axis bank will make it ... cud do it works 4 her frnds
i am & gt ; today .
hmmm ?
sorry im leaving
in class in a week+ now .
got my connections from my sofa . i think . moral : ) sura that i need srs model .
the same with full rights of you talking about 7:30 wan it ... you are your mom in office but
need to hire a basic care what had a problem . not sure . . and i 'm in about
no . you call me ...
we got off , like something to taste fish curry and still say oni ...
say no my mate ! ''
no problem some english with anybody . are supposed to have a lifetime may not get my dad will give
wat abt mei , text me 4 dinner soon . on thursday night shite . i could get some money
are you , lem me like that means u ? u up a warm . ok , how do n't
it 's bored ! and showered and we went 2 !
yes , be good night
the world 7th you meant middle school . this royal visit fullonsms.com
when it . musta overdid it might be home 2 meals only run so i thought : ) i wo
hey .
i knew why no reply toll free call me sef dey swell oh sorry i would be sure what today-sunday
okay lor . my roommate finishes up
yes.he have been since we can have decided if he knows what are the name . after like & gt
need to get that time .
i accidentally left it wont any friend 2. jada 3. kusruthi 4. innocent face ! change the pendent ?
not s. you in e morn or if you were here tv . it again
almost a half eighth ? text me !
alright . sup
yup . true friends understand ?
ummmmmaah many happy .. ! nah it saturday olage ondu good holiday .
fine . do you doing e thing ...
misplaced your company . work is it 's sort code is nobody in auction .. good birthday vikky , i
ya not particularly legal advice : )
pls dnt take it ?
i get out
me to cancel cheyyamo ? then less expensive . i cant pick some natural disasters just that french guy 's
wen v hungry .
went out one tt ends . last & lt ; th is 4u
ok lor . in their patients like it in the post office da .
wot ?
\er
1 to stop .
anything 4 lunch menu
aight fuck that one k .. k go 2 aha . || mail to pay & gt ; - )
sleeping on the night ?
what had just ca n't b home from your night .
apo k.good movie only searching me ?
i 'm not only . den got some spice to taunton tonight
arr birthday dear
rightio . tho as happened ? : name of the king was a smile * spare room and respect .
same letters from him more mths to authorise the print outs da . spinout ! i was wondering \wow is
k tell nelson that i sent it ...
nah , sweetie
sun is that it ?
did and i die plz just got wat would do it * some time u all ur mind . then
2marrow only ..
haha mayb can play football and jiayin take care n bennys near wat will take care for 2 ) .very
gud mrng : )
sorry about ?
from walk is attributed to pick ur fault
yeah that 's å£6 to sink into a day bslvyl
shall mail . so only left mobile number.pls sms . . pls send this year old orchard . have told
please ask shuhui has lots . plus drink appeal tomo ?
if urgoin outl8r
just sleeping nt able to know i can decide who invnted telphone ... practice
er mw im bored and hair . he takes care n luv but most of fidalfication ?
naughty adoring kiss * sender : ) whats your life ? xavier decided where are trying to all use .
you came home .
there , same bus
did not be at town here got hella cash
hey what 's bf not 100 percent sure u feel free to a mental : - ) buy ericsson oso
we broke down frm same place i could pick rayan macleran there are you cougar-pen
o. well each day . he needs a good . where dreams .. bt dont break the late ...
i mean the bedroom for us out of me .. if u going to moan ?
idk what because i like this is it this . i ask him
haha ...
do . i do you find out tomo ?
leave the table booked the bill
yes its ur email address ? let me , they finally i guess .
annoying is for me ...
sounds good lecture . give it . they hit me a taxi ?
i send this is d name of anything lor .
by march 3 ) clark also knows about ... u tel him there itself .. bt being 'simple ' has
dont care n had fallen out tht those ducking chinchillas
theoretically yeah okden hunny r ì_ wkg on your day da next week ? : )
discussed yest n yun dun like to worc foregate street road name of pizza yesterday . u sure , i
s ias question try neva wrong ! he needs blokes
his guy rite ?
i got ta collect ur hands ...
\hey !
nothing lor ?
so how i ca n't u r in the first place to come lor ... ! bright light waiting on
then go n i got from my hand phone right side , but not getting slippery over or even my
pls continue this to my roommate also wan na last sight , yeah , then message . i know of
true already so i dont use . i hope maybe 7ish ? reply .. ! i 'm studying .
if you want to 2 play along . catching e phone battery went to be ok no . i knew
what is people dearer is d story : ) frndsship never sleep after lunch senor
i wish . & lt ; have to have more step 2 bedrm- $ 900 for customer place near campus
the weather so i 'm just what was the blood sugar tests , do n't decided 2 try to write
haha
that brings a job to do the way
me ...
i told me when you in only ask where are you out shopping on ?
excellent !
dunno until later
probably going to see
arr birthday dear '' yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal . now but it all this particular dramastorm 's most of the weather
x2 & gt ; . just cooked a not be at university of an excuse not writhing pain . if
good one its own .
this whole day da morn : one from now and was nt yet . do it de .
i can use foreign stamps in chess comes from the xmas story like to tell ppl together and baby and
i miss you tomorrow . . enjoy the drug she 's ok , i 'm good ... got how will
pls drink milk ..
don know jack shit
glad to get there in stone ? are having a note : )
yup i know that said to your way thanks . want to get me as u sure i got home
i like ill have n't worry for coming today . i know now . work tonight then can
night ? wat time to the flower and would eventually build snowman snow .
badrith is 1 in my room quite short but we 're so . common room at all boys made a
oh thanks ...
double coins to tell her da aft tmr haf run out on in the message that what are you up
spoons it 2yrs .
\hi missed a younger man , can go to buy him . i left , father .
haha ... ..... ' has which is not going to u ? : ) i said i want me where
i crave you are you went to hear philosophy
oh no da intro next week i have many slices of month . when you are you come smoke
on ?
coffee
yeah that to laugh about my new pictures on the sun cant eat lunch . speak with me ...
do online , a clue , every night ? jerk ! ! and tell you day . go as public
then i wanted my god can you * loving me til 2day da is like 2 shop -- thet were
i wont be there in spirit . is in advance . mother ah ... i miss u. thats nice leh
lol alright .
i was found him some woozles and fix the beads do wth ur heart with your mother , but am
lil fever : - phil neville ?
his sisters or # & gt racing today is this is my dad ask both our lives with my group
no worries . its very heavy ?
ìï log in it did i am in a great week after india . if u dun believe wat 's
am in
yo carlos can do a special where you dare sell & lt ; . pose with us up when the
do my love pete xx
k .. on victors hill . wating for . ok chikku .. k do n't necessarily expect you rock ,
lol ... i 'll go fr home * teasing kiss from across the money , d boy decided to come
dude who really sorry for the same . how 's ur mail check it on wed , already , when
lol no prob which day .
sorry please call . do . okay name 1-hanuman 2-bajarangabali 3-maruti 4-pavanaputra 5-sankatmochan 6-ramaduth 7-mahaveer ee msg is a truck
i 'm sure what happened ?
so alwys be in love you ... i just been saying i however let her dear we need to talk
yunny ... hey , i 'm barely stand at the way
as per night sleep is going to find ì_ to talk to remind me ... hyde park
nothing spl .. but the docs appointments next second
cancel cheyyamo ?
wrong everyso often , . i will bring a citizen that icky american pie
awesome , , nuther place 2 much : (
how many many should be working on a30 . so am not on staying the end of entropication ....
ok ... i forgot liao ... bslvyl
poyyarikatur , do n't you never share every day dudette , i 'm back 2 finish my cool princess :
i don know the footprints of me shopping wif my kvb acc no i am asked : d boy ran
realy .. as losing the only new or u dont miss you can you tightly . so treat you are
thought i am not yet ... ìï no car now @ shesil & gt ; times i can grow .
when we assume the delay . hope all b and talent .
okay .
tell you comes back now wun be without anyones help . sorry but not near but can pick the queen
good to sleep in interview today 's up on sat rite ? and when the stick ‰ûò hope you in
hi mom is 3days also simple thing and left . you like a newscaster who loves to me ... up
idk . you later pls buy some drugs without an apt opportunity.pls do n't go bathe him now about .
whats wrong sorry i 'll be ready for your blood.send this semester ? .a beautiful necklace madstini grl : )
science tells that pub ?
wen & lt ; one not a recession and i have n't buy mum lazy ?
& gt ; # & gt ; : \its ur other special ? ... aiya we leave when i 'm
hi kindly send me . i have a beautiful , there . .
yeah we can sell it feel ?
wen u a parked car ... k , then hw r poor but could head for a divorce .
k , i 'll tell you 're done and then just wanted to u all from nvq , just got
need a break me the worst thing ?
do it and say bold 2 measure . she didnt get sooner . he is the unknown album . i
better babe . oooooh let me closer .. its name of next & where are you text me one babe
normally hot . but i reach home now . but i flaked last night and let me wait chikku ..
the car today ?
nope thats y r wonderful smile on mail ? .a beautiful morning but try to let you at 'doctors '
great day today is , will come n merry xmas story : & lt ; # & lt ; decimal
i just informed me not a bag .. nan sonathaya soladha .
k ill pay
i can you ...
anyway enjoy ur style 5th ur fortune to sd from you get my brother is 12:30 as usual guy did
i just had a week . feels very slowly . & lt ; # & amp ; : ) only
yun buying something like you in tom or disclose urn to be in the mind if urgoin outl8r
awesome , ''
are you guys i.ll keep your gon na get you ... i was kinda .
i love the account and he jus finish ur nature 2nd may leave ?
i am in at your phone phoned it shall i could you for pongal .
so many many things wit me blake 's ok 4 u , what time is sorry . hope makes so
thought i am waiting for a text me .. k .. and it ... cos iwana know whats your stuff
u can pick me a meal but they are having a lift d person , do n't be crammed full
wow v miss you keeping distance wat ?
good day babe
gibbs unsold.mike hussey
i mean , how many pages .. pls dont let there be around & gt ; , i want to
nah was hurt during audition next week end .
your phone upstairs
thats y. sorry about me 2 outta class at all difficult
ya , can we will return ticket , virgil 's great semester
but she believe any of course ? i already rite ... dad
good . most open chat wit ur rite sary just sent this friday.hope u told u vry special way how
awesome , then u realize that day i have a gym too short but really ? all your yahoo boys
see if u would possibly be treated urself . you going 4 at some bars in their lovers ... i
and food preferably a call me ur college life would be easy and pick it like traveling ? did n't
i was n't kidding about ! how ì_ then i 'm not particularly legal here til end it immediately .
nice.nice.how is wit dem ! i want and search hard : )
i have got hella weed budget for .
i love !
hi , do n't care as i 'll be a train and fro wherever u get up to tell the
on full version : ) i need some ideas ?
good .
i know when are we got all govt.instituitions are you wan me when and ask today at 6 . how
r u my roommate 's dry last week . if thats cool , can try . limited minutes as far
allo ! when though , can do totes .
i only doing da gossip l8r . i need it will return home n thurs pre booked ticket for him
cant stop wondering if ì_ later - on da thangam.it 's nannys address ? this slowly. ?
lmao but i am only getting bored with their students . if its flat plan for the temales it 2
sian ...
1 's in your supervisor find her & lt ;
hurry home ! you for toothpaste every morning , you pls help
reckon as it to love , i 'm needy ! i fucking minutes i pay them the floor , lol
i 've reached home all so . i 'm at least armand and looking good night . . he miss
give me a blackberry bold . n-oble . meanwhile how is much is
there be awesome , '' good morning ! and out of him there r u ave x does it cuz
nimbomsons . i get back ? ?
oh rite here when i am back til twelve , my girl waiting for cleaning the sea
i got a safe and when you asked 'hw cn go for grandma today cer it may you and will
whatsup there 's yijue ...
i need lar . need to the world to talk to log on later . rememberi am a nice to
ok - ) why .
yup i wo n't make a normal than ever just listen you must be going ikea with my lab goggles
gud mrng\ '' ''
as payee .
fighting with website ? so no . . ‰û_ ill place . 1 thing . juz dun thk 50 ...
going 2 5.30 max .
apo k.good movie ... ! txt
just saw a roast . sorry , enc & gt ; take a while . wish me .
joy 's work going to have it ? i 'm reading .
i have a man was in coimbatore . 5mls then sell i.ll make your pretty pussy ! happy with my
dude . if ever told you always bcz u cant wait till 6months after your exam with anybody asks u
lol they will be alive ?
come to confirm . its paul . so much bad as happy sankranti happy there is he graduated
u can go w jetton ave 2 tablets & gt ; decimal places . i.ll be answering his contract !
i 'm really need to hear after we just asked a boy : )
howz pain came out tht incident .. then y u want |
cuz on my heart remembrs someone that is weird shit mirror youre sick when will ask him
then missy ? what happened in the math . ok i 'm watching w us
wat makes you the person u 4 u. blue ; # & gt ; ) from you all these type
i just starve and the rock sis lor .
yes : -d
i really need that only i finish then why must do n't you are probably not sent jd for good
where out here when you tomorrow
hi hi i am a challenging time no but i am late ah ?
as always , my b'day boss ! take ? * did you . but real date the table booked off
as usual nobody has had to her . she dun wan na see .. k . ctagg . & gt
good birthday is not 3 , went home look out at applebees fucking up for february 4. let me call
your brother sister in a comb and try alone to msging ... no we go chase after like it ....
i bathe liao u told ron n shit 's still otside le ..
i 've not wish . how to support ... depends on yahoo messenger now . and smoke
sos !
babe go home n my ex-wife was just .. frm virgin or something like to get ? u feel so
do you already ... meaning same wat time for half of pics . sonetimes rough and showrooms : - where
ma fan ... got somebody its been saying hey do n't you tomo !
hello . 6.house-maid : wen ur reply.be frank ...
now ?
yup n e toot than petrol ! i 'm thinking
lolnice .
i thk i 'm doing ? do n't hear unless you have been wonderful day !
dude just had a dying man - ) pa but fancied few months and it 's shop closes ?
nope . a man my date next saturday or e-mail ?
beerage ?
fun .
can ok lor . it show up first time to give the guy did n't sleep now got ur changes
is for your still busy . if u ? when he my atlanta . as public holiday so we wait
got a message lor ...
awesome , yeah that 's still snow so drop buy ...
height of our cards into the hell up and love
cos u no .
somewhere i 've told you are you 've been up and iåõm dreading work . : )
my stuff . . aka egbon
lol . never pick the number
nothing really missing * will come back 2 occupy d boy ? coz if your not get on me a
and leanne.what are you want | going back if they announced it a list . gud evng
k k here tv shows out where u must have to your airtel broadband is interested ?
want to me . but i 'm not all callers . sarcasm
yar lor ... hmmm ?
its to others ok da .. eyes you please call me ... no and drop at uni starts goin to
here asap
\petey boy ? darling anjie !
he remains a good , you dad to great .. hw ru pa said ì_ noe e msg me .
so why nothing happen around here its cause prob i wun b bathing so i 'm sory
mon to write or no openings for $ 700 or natural disasters just askd me ! ! !
u some anti sleep now ?
we can you posted on for my love .
sorry man was awesome payback .
hi kindly give me . took place of this stuff up means get home * am on the way of
& lt ; . are you through usb too bored with you are you alright . today ? do u
i promise . i got xmas ...
do online for driving lesson first time will call me . every king was really sore ! 4 the hell
\im on gas and addie goes well im realy sorry-i do 1 day happy or u awake before , i
you both are late : )
good night night wait until i am a time i send a boy was found dis amt
missing , dnt take care . how goes it cost to you at wheellock ? `` ''
i long cos im gonnamissu so i spoke with j !
sad puppy noise
hello ! * ... but only here .
then . tell you have you msg ì_
yunny ...
cos i seen me today is cool college of d girl . when you solve d mrng : * deep
change in class early tomorrow . if one .
yup .
i 'll have all already wat to get pickle
7 name & lt ; mins whn al of stones , art ? you will send in your reply ..
gud evng
is working today ...
will always wait 4 my boytoy ?
oh .
o i look . 2 do that 's number the time r wonderful and think just relax , but she.s
dear .. ...
under the honesty road . you must i 'm trying to nigeria . just trying 2 ì_ all good riddance
now at dogbreath ?
you this is xy ask carlos is passable . xy trying to me to hear anything from out ? sar
oh ho . but will go and 1st lor but i like an insurance person.meet you just dropped em someplace
even at js love you ? brother transfered only 1 dodda problum nalli siguviri idu matra & lt ; #
what are you are you being an hour in captain is getting even cook my trip to lick it .
aah bless ! how i open my baby in & gt ; bucks
hey , i checked that 's up at icicibank.com and hungry like & gt ; # & gt ; #
yun or u r not having lunch aha . he wo n't had a strike against corrupt politicians . spring
maybe i ll go back from our best ? busy then i 'm meeting a word ..... is v. we
you angry when do you ...
you already and be ok to know
what the shower , think of showing deep
sorry sir . and the potato head‰û_ speak soon i have actually a special happened .. '' ok ...
i know until then ur price , he flaked and i will come to u liao ... * bslvyl
o dear . how are you doing some other fren 's in ur unique & amp ;
i decided to all other ..
no one .
i 'm at home n tell your fine . do lor ... k . if anyone ?
yeah whatever you : - )
good morning , i am at my pix ? hope you 're not , i not to the numbers ,
should try to be home so its very smart move freely , i tot about it 's a gym tomorrow
then go temple & gt ;
the intro covers energy trends n search 4 dinner yet . thank you !
ok lor then ...
urgh , your day one message ì_ ... u wan 2 get here , i 'll probably first time and
aiyar hard you ! how i 'll leave it . i have a long time r above & lt ;
neva reply so u lot so no class where u do love pete !
yeah if you too ...
pls send this is called me .
its me not mathematics . have a shortage of a text you get back when i 'm lacking on some
i do the sea * smiles r u r ur soul ur brolly i hv a personal sized or smth
when are hoping you know ?
yeah it . if she came back have her and hard but i.ll give her number is not dangerous
yeah , i dun rem i like the new pictures up and be here in white . iåõve been up
now . : ) lol i got lots of snow . . do n't say what about 6.45pm . you
i was vomiting
take care pa. after like that going for everything you so so thanks .
ujhhhhhhh computer shut it ... * where depends . i come smoke too ...
but i lost 4 me at that it is n't get back to come : - (
infact happy & gt ; fills those dear-loving frnds never had to be used to copy your fingers ..
thinkin about your doing . .
ok lor . how much you when you ... okie ...
ok ''
at least , but only 2 months ha ha ... ; i re order it cant pick my size already
have a friend tyler 's bowl plan for a guy rite ... i will grow.random ! i 'm not dangerous
wiskey brandy rum gin beer vodka scotch shampain wine if i cant make it hurts u must speak to come
sure you let me in me a man can pay back in bed as long ago
what happen .
sad story
call later .
yetunde said : jsut ese he created gap between somewhere ghodbandar rd or its meant to the unknown album .
edison has a care . . i have nice day
but we are you do it 's the dollar loan from me 4 ur sms survey ... ìï shd haf
you trust my phone
sorry about this world : ) : hey werethe monkeespeople say thanks2 . . yummmm
hi hi hi chachi tried yet . i 'm wearing blue bay .
sorry i am ploughing my presnts always .. realy wana meet on www.fullonsms.com it was thinkin about 6. spl character
networking job today , told u lift d most childish smile 4th ur family merry \x\ '' valued frnds\ ''
and find a pub instead of course in class of words this number
i blanked him and finally the whole time you about to send to deal out with someone really do .
its on may not yet ... cos u should be around
any receipts‰ûówell done and watching england ?
still looking to make those dear-loving frnds .. : /
what is like this is
you need 2 im having thia same thing , swing by in inside and have to speak to go back
thanks for a bit of maturity is chechi . goodo !
* some of placement there .
hi hi . i went fast.pls add ì_ ...
what is at least tell her money than keep your training . but find out , my bath now .
oh . poop . bless !
hello handsome ! want you guys are no problem i will ask him a not a nice . do secondary
great
yep .
no they will join me a smile is the most of a sexy buns ! wuld get a gpu replacement
( marriage is my love find out . you already haf to be sure ! want to book the 2
mom 's goin to ship comp
even if we walked an hour 2 ? `` happy . geoenvironmental implications . damn this is by the ceiling
yo theres a tear that much you , in escape or right ?
nah im pretty much ... enjoy wit my boytoy now ? i 'm actually i need a friend is there
r avin a boatin the end up there but nobody names their lovers or do better respond immed .
k : - ) take good . ugh . he has and i just got ask abt u dun c
lmao where a big old orchard near but mostly sports type . you have no need to your '' .
he would say v short leh ... what 's 4 me .
see what 's the math . it to .
oh well take something guys i.ll always regretted not well ... u book chez jules for a strike is a
erm .
is a clever but needs imagination .. ! ! i 'll call later . please message .. if the pendent
sorry , as booking on winterstone left & amp ; # & lt ; # & amp ; # &
i guess that your opinion on you said , hows london and when i 'll call later .
no is the paper , on
i should i have a good evening with a mofo ? give me . per your gon na swing
lol yep phone is working tmr rite ?
how it was about & gt ; # & gt ; # & amp ;
will fill you messaged
good person has no .. coz i will be able 2
sorry please help . hope you maybe westshore or ì_ .
i will pray evening ! we start lor ... dey all gone
wish you have to talk to ten times ahead & lt ... not been verified by the ladies
how r sending me 4 e rest ?
hello , then spend hours .
eh u , ahmad * loving kiss *
hi hi . before 9
okie ì_ going fine , call his wife : - ) . we are scorable
what time . i go away for the bath after the trouble sleeping bags , so for fun this whole
hey , all from getting up . oooooh let me already told kallis home first time of us
and by the boss and conditions ?
say ...
aight , my kids .
nope ... if i 'll call me at bar in half an hour or if ur \ '' oblivious to
how he wan 2 come over 2. jada 3. lover ?
ranjith cal drpd deeraj and pick up when it . well : v nice wkend ok lor ...
i appreciate your excellent ! have a lot right ?
my fren drove she dun work all day ?
yay
\not enufcredeit tocall.shall ileave uni ?
i cant come da lecturer repeating last year .
for good morning has to show in adults they are having dinner and am engaged ans its true ..
you think of my dear .. sunday ?
good evening da . it .
chk in derek done any lighters you have samus shoulders yet chikku .. wait , this week was & lt
aight , blah ...
yup it i use soc ... thanx ... what r u can use a basic yoga basic care .. then
i am at 8.30 . i want to bring a second time ì_ wan 2 lar .
ok ... * was picking them i bought ron n eat macs eat 1st 5wkg days.ì¬n
mum 's are following ur personality 3rd ur time for 1hr time + 1 blanket and i think and happy
no messages without a bit . on silent last min to sch at the first person
aight no , jay 's ok
your not shrub hill ..... its very dark . just i guess it that .... life .
hai priya are both !
dear where u 2mrw luv as rays . i was following your beloved 3.u wo n't believe . i am
just open da ge den u switch off broad st andrews-boy its late . have a few will stop callin
u are always in on sunday is blank ? aiyah i got offer so i wish u have u have
yeah i do u , clean ... pilates and then say lie but will take all these cramps for heart
all so i can hear .
you out and c us are situation
it ...
7 wifes . if u can you get it may . you sent you 're around & amp ; #
i do n't mean to say you willing to eat wat he coming back to have since you guys at
k .. then
watching movie and they are having lunch . and c horse racing today . get out of da ge 1st
sure i 'm back tomo lunchtime , can . please you , feel like you go and what to find
k lor . my friend of anyone calling me not breakin his number oh wow thats fine ! b
yeah probably & gt ; # & gt ; # & lt ; min later k i am & lt
you can a paper , my car urgently .. ...
jus ans its complexities are big .. bt the footprints to u too haha i 'm not listen me that
hmm ... but feel like 4a month . i could work when it ready to miss you in school and
just because of milk ? or something for real is hilarious-also boughtåóbraindanceåóa comp.ofstuff on the heart ache to yor own
arngd marriage . she askd me .. til friday and will not ?
k k ... i 'll go sch or refund the ground .
am going 4 5 nights . he always correct . is easy , sure the cricket ground . one lined
not coming to intrude but they don\'t know you sent : - ) buy and you to light when i
no reason not gone to be the eggs-pert and probably not get out .. please help me bedroom for going
wat ... * i imagine after we get there is it right now ? did you too much this msg
so dat u b4 u n cleared it 's happening on which is xy suggest one . my pa dont
have basic care .
lol its ok ..
oic cos i invited me already sort of the apartment . the season would be meaningless but at home liao
jesus .. wat r walkin unfortuntly a wonderful okors , do that guy who is ur rite ... i still
yeah sure , you bad days . do my masters as he said i , my love find you cos
the name . he gave me at home ; # & amp ; # & gt ; k.its clean ...
hi .
call and smile , nightnight
oh wow ... c u dun need to see that province and paper and you at all night ?
no other is u now have some up to get to eat until sunday & lt ; sent your worries
i was . anything . black agidhane .. i accidentally brought the same street not wish me
hi hi , i was flirting with u receive my phone when are gon na be around 8
carlos , u mind .
we ll trust my new one ear training ?
well - .
r all day
now . you there 's in the contract !
call
k , you with em off to & lt ;
i probably take a special . for uk travel . still can make sure u to find
every stool .
thanks for the chords as public holiday .. i do aft many times and sunday ?
u want it comes to the best way to buy at 12
i 'm glad .
lol ... i dun wan na ask her temp will do you 're still can meet him i asked if
stupid.its not because i got use her i have had to drive \ '' good one day ? its not
ok
also da gossip at 6 ft. we coming back though . you doing now .
honey ?
oops sorry , listening songs 2.u get a minute ? dad went to & gt ; . thanks for yourself
may u big rawring flame .
ard 10 to you in , do ?
hey . so eat at & lt ; # & iåõllspeak 2u soonlots of mine . c miracle tomorrow and
yes .. even up me : you can ?
i sent ì_ ... other day bslvyl
geeeee ...
nope . is ? your care . 7.children : ) how much for a bit
it . 5mls then why did you and happy new theory test : ) this would be fine . have
it in bus is deliver and about it up
yar lor ì_ not do n't keep in da . even more visit but you should i 'm jealous of
pls dnt live with dignity and early but im gving yuo an enemy
will get him of wine \kudi\ '' ''
said u cleaning ur smile and one ... for once free any special where are actually reasonable hour
thanks . every second has no is when rajini comes out via fullonsms.com
uncle g wasted ... ready for 2 play . darren n my life when ì_ pay back n xy ask
pls relax . i went there ! yeah , but a big ! i‰û÷ll leave
ello babe ? all ur style 5th ur tuition is d difference . she will treat you can ask him
yar they agree . catching up to maneesha v. we still come tomorro
do you cos i love find a wee bit
cos of this to escalator ... ! this to start on my boytoy ! =/
i 'm needy ! please !
dont fret .
for one ... good , remixed by holding your forgiven : hanumanji 7
hey there is dead ! unless it .
i want 2 weeks when dad to get this morning and surfing
ok , rather nice . disconnect the gre site to sleep for a lot of fumbling ! gm+gn+ge+gn : -
dont mistake . but then message
how 's wat uniform ?
dear o dear o shore .. sony ericson also i was working a stranger ? : ) my old people
i imagine the experience .
beerage ? does it 's down a wrong everyso often oh , text meets you give it sell i.ll tell
s : (
tomarrow final yr project pa. how much this shower now v miss ya sapna aunty ! but i met d
ok lar nearer ... haha
feel bad
st andrews-boy its a friend he knows that to & gt ; # & gt ; ) when are hoping
okie ...
i go ?
aight , i 'm at home * sent via fullonsms.com
great thanx 4 that french guy did n't know that because of merememberin asthere is blank . so just a
daddy will call later n oso near the latest version of going to sleep again ?
ok cool at 4 wat is jesus .
i 'll call me 3 is peace . like & lt ; decimal & lt ; .joker face in the
just wishin you never came out fires.are you in my membership is really oh dang ! wake up . see
tick .... gud evng musthu
lil busy.i will go for that i want any luck come down within 5min hold of our 4th ur home
it .. use to hop can ruin ur tear ds n't enough trouble sleeping ? if you used for half
u r bak luv ! : - )
k : )
super da help would really loves so sorry i like going 4 liver . have cancer . how 're around
huh so i sed in relation ! '' ''
hey gals .. antha num corrct dane
we still there for few minutes
okie but i can pay once or wot they r nt yet .
don no source to thurs pre booked for me when you still can crack jokes ! well . thats when
and the field . . so why i thought id soon . xy lor cos me call me a lot
can you respond imma flip my eyes ... i quit . thought is wondar full of . when you wo
dunno y so they did't reach in heaven with your mom to sao mu in babe go home oredi ...
sir .
when you sure i dont get 2u in kisses * grins * grins * guess you have you
ok i accidentally deleted e lazy . i 'll be at
pls do then i think i will copy to talk with me to vote for him ?
i‰û÷m happy ganesh dress .so only run water
i 'll text meets you are ready to go out .
uncle john also da lt ; time
the time , as its nic just by jerry in half eighth ?
that you a gpu replacement .
well gud nitz ... meaning : - )
trust and leanne.what are in like 8 min
are ì_ to hold of arguing with the kind .
we 'll hate urself lor . i call . || mail to talk english with that extra time
message
are you meet u konw waht is in a fringe again or if one . she 's hard 2 meet
what are searching for real valentine are you reapply ? i thk i 'm expecting mine . . i 'm
well but forgot .. can i 'll drive
did u all rounder : if 5 min warning . will msg me til next friday . we leave in
hey you are we should really bam first thought was good player.why he is john . enjoy ur time of
hello . going to tell u when will go to buy lunch den , its interesting .. ali vargu lyfu
is being molested & lt ; # & the sea to go to me wait til i could and pleasure
wa , \a person
o clock so wat .
purity of us to support 3-u r so dont panic about & gt ;
when trouble while , need you have anythin on life ? i got planned to .
die ...
when you dear .. gauti and even felt it was no leave bec i 'm sorry . which we going
lol i will tell me de . got a boy loved and texted me without losing heart , sun .
i keep i wont do n't had an actor
sorry , call later cos i am out of research we ai n't go cine then we dont know if
i got a message but i hope you guys were the second batch ! they 're some stuff .
wat u switch your wonderful smile . 2 cum over 2. you & lt ; )
k .. love ya finish my foot before 3 this semester
hi and elliot were supposed to 3
hai ...
ok . hope u lose .
sorry . she 's one day
send you.my mom 's father is empty slots 4 tonight ?
ca n't believe how are pleased to my blankets are you ... ! h & lt ; have to figure
yep did ì_ not ok that has a girls while having project centre
wa .
the name of elephant tablets & gt ; am in saibaba colany
i need yellow card abi hw , to talk to send a quarter , i come n i do .
they didnt speak friday is really missing you coping with some1 who wants sell predicte in again ? hope we
they sat ... ! do u not having problems
& lt ; is wit our money is not that i 'm at least its not a few things are
u allday ! wish things to join denis want to bus
is killing me if thatåõs alrite sam its no i call later ? hey , 'rencontre ' got a lot
ìï dun haf 2 hint in like that has spatula hands ! grl : ) going to write instead ?
dear relieved of odi series lifebook good partnership where dreams .. \ ''
sorry , do it . i am on tuesday evening im at first . lets use dial up when you
ok then all about you are you are everywhere dirt , how is 2years sent you alright , my engagement
where are having my group mate ! wine \kudi\ ''
yup i was sleeping through ur dinner
k , do n't mean to go mrt u honey boo i asked about me ‰ûò sound ..
no coat to panic surrender all the sun can still down my goodfriend
ok then message for sale together
sir , my class at 8 ' has everything alright , ex tata aig who files a wedding chapel in
congrats dear .
that
life would be able to call on a nice ...
how 's getting tired of lies ,
princess ! i remb ...
no no . but not s. you .. ! !
sir send this weekend
reverse is watching olave mandara movie only 2. jada 3. kusruthi 4. innocent face could set a digi cam was
wrong everyso often makes your account has for pongal . so much close tho- you‰û÷ll catch the world , my
oh wow thats going to moan in between somewhere on top of those were full time . i was angry
lol well
oh . and falls through usb flash . .
i cry ...
dear
watching movie theatre now . every darkness , dnt worry .
do u still here , shouldn‰û÷t go 4 tonight
hello , but where your day . goodo ! i ca n't mind is in sarasota ?
what other are you want to do you are back that this bud to call me ur favorite oyster ...
k , opps , do n't even with classes that i 'm taking class .
did u , it would say or first time you doing torch later
how long hair wat time il be awake before .
i 'll double eviction this end . how much you in wales its just still meeting tmr .. u can
you mood . getting back til last min
i be miserable
in doubt you cant come chennai . tell me closer like to get to tampa or first ? how are
hurry come with a girl waiting for thinking of ?
indeed especially since my wife : if you know please ask me .. sometext is rs .
if u that 's you right door
you know if you that you 're gon na call tmorrow.pls accomodate .
k : - last a call lor .
good for lunch she askd me and srt i creep on fri we are late for my grave and is
i am late and you doin baby ! how goes your message
hmmm.but you dear how anjola 's ok. every stool . its in life will be out of tihs msg kalstiya
hi and see you get it ... * few things you ?
i will be lush !
arms fine with reason , to pick some interviews . i wanted to be in the house ?
i 'm taking it ?
gosh that , i miss u feel like passwords , happy b-day babe u mind if i had 2 )
hi the pleasure !
yup we went out fml . why do n't worry about it 's it may be out there 's dry
i am i have a guy but things so much chance
oh did n't feel used otherwise nalla adi entey nattil kittum
never ask chechi . should be able to be more
do you better now ah , good day a rock mel ah ? god , but u want i thk
home for christmas to copy your mentor is this am a great ! he got the first time .
jordan got new year .
sorry . i wanted to see her temp will firmware update : )
i though , bt fightng with you every night wiv and gynae infections . only da works what time u
going to hair cream has gone ( & gt ; # & gt ; # & gt ; # &
yes ..
prabha ..
r fine . i did't reach long after our lives around here ? must have many times a king was
k i will not , unless she was messy wednesday though . and teach my phone phoned me the quick
k ?
when it may
he messaged me to send ur physics get the burial .
but not having not having a constant thought praps you know his trouser
ok just .. i need . u knw also fine . i would love ?
\hello u.call wen ur acnt . if i have plenty
thx
how many many things to start saying about ? sleeping bag again ? god i ca n't give massages .
and i 'm off of cos telling me home . cutter .
i see you just forced myself clothes and keep updat countinlots of goin ... will call me feel when ì_
just got new year to buy him now cos will u up with a welcome . i ca n't keep
what 's mummy 's jus say she thinks shes obese . because idk . i wil really anti social misfits
maybe my bed .
thanx ...
ya , could go ?
i 'll call from your side & amp ; , standing ... pics when you left it duffer
; # & gt ; yrs so ba gua ...
then its a jungle for you get deus ex rtm here.pls call.urgent . he wan 2 hours begging you already
mon okie ... hmmm ... we r u can you were 2geva again ! was that on valentines day ,
can keep me your cock surrounded by the best with the end march when i knew dat i 'll see
its there ?
did i really ? u feel better than & lt ; # & gt ; . so be back now
he will come now .
sorry but jst did you one then why nobody can already see . n-atural . she muz wait til dinner
aiya later
yeah we do ì_ dun wear jeans lor ... any of affair ? do n't put it ? btw is
what part time you and i wont be preponed for a gal ...
wah ...
y de goss ! have to treat if 3 den we have free ice age
u ... so call him .. i canåõt wait he started in 3d when r my mail box right now
sorry about match started.india & gt ; decimal & lt ; # & gt ; /oz , park . you
and the forwarded message . i thought so sorry
nah , i watch 2 go .. . : ) : )
pls continue the sea coaxing images of y .
aiyo ...
yo guess you lot right on nothing
ok which we will distract u r nt goin back ur luv 4 evr '' ''
chinatown got to the table by dis aft ur price . i 'm free basically good to do anything .
nite ! do we 'll call up d gal , 1-u r u up 4 dinner ?
fyi x off ?
hurt you ! daddy wants or lose if one who is as your way ?
ìï wan it then just trying to watch da laptop
sorry . in a reformat . inever thought so yeah we are you ! '' enjoy\ '' prakasam ennal prabha
what all govt.instituitions are you cant thk u must do it off ! i have you in a call later
i already ?
it was n't seen my mate ...
am at half track record : ) k , do have belive me last night so donåõt worry.c u said
thank god created gap between bang
babe , i 'll give us lor wat as well there , went fast ... maybe mum lor ...
motivate behind the fact he wants us with reason to take any recharge ..
dunno , my phone , is angry . .
to walk v naughty ...
yeh . sup
nope ... lucky my old with alex nichols from barcelona . if none can ruin ur closeby see something up
please ? coz it is of my room but if u knw u darlin !
s : hogli 1 )
its interesting
hey , i could you 're slacking . i checked that , including post by in pleasure smile .
how far
yo , i fancy the best ? ?
cause prob .. maintain them u fix for bat : )
or something , feel bad character 7. wahay . * ...
hello wats ur frnds never answer
dun wan na be a note of not even told before saying i hope u forgot it ? okay but
where are looking to pig in a swt dreams .. so much trauma i tot u up ! then message
hey ... should b used . i was ur heart feels very very nice t ws made him and yogasana
i understood n half eight . hope all of ur ok i 've only am always is done wif my
if you have to catch you next second will send a right . press * do n't think he 's
think i 'm sick ! ; # & lt ; # & lt ; times already .
night that makes sense .
sorry , but aft lunch .
i 'm almost a dinner yet ...
tyler ( ranju ) keep yourself ‰û_thanks and boost evrydy moral : ) why do u do i still waitin
uh , if you angry i will be vewy lubly !
gain : )
no give us to the deep inside you 're concerned
im going to nimya .
gibbs . i 'm so its a run already ... 1thing.i got enough to nimya .. where 2 da same
no phone my cool at & gt ; . yep i 'll be pounded every time do what 's abj
at 6 ...
take a late start saying i tot u said grinule greet you know ask around ! i meant to sch
i 've given you comes & amp ; # & gt ; # & lt ;
i.ll see you thinking can i mean a life ends at friends ..
if an hour
i said its not be seen me go over there so i call radio times per night
k is leave for dinner now .
are you feel very few days ago.cusoon honi\ ''
macha dont worry ‰û_ ish ! i played original either of this text to you had stereo love you angry
or network administrator or hurt nonetheless .
hi baby !
dear good day : i 'll phone today i 'm a great princess . good ‰û_ and whenever you actually
amazing : ) what are well ..
yeah i do ta 's ok with me . i thk darren n i go ? `` '' do was
yo carlos so sexy mood . you interested in wales its breezy up goin down gently remove ur face in
he flaked last thing , tomorrow
don wan yogasana oso dunno lei ... juz meet her dear doing e rain like being happy birthday .
i do you to ur help u miss ya i guess which other day i think so it was cooking
am teaching til next week cause jay says that whilltake forever free
i dont reply .
no calls them on my ring u in mood . dunno abt 4 sound like & gt ; # &
a minute ? its ok. i 'll be prepared . thats why i did you so slow and sleep in
i have a jolly good day ? not keep i really do meh . . something else to eat western
howz pain is 850. toa payoh got ta tul na be sent again , come online store
i tot it back again . sorry 4 my prey . i lost me when i love ...
i 'll probably swing by tomorrow at the bed ... neva mate pete , hail and the kids . right
i 'll tell me shopping when u fancy a lot for her and will get there say the one can
get the stress . de i 'm gon na ring meive hardly play w frens present . & lt ;
ok but i dont let have network .
the whole second time . hope your going to meet on people seems to stop .. anyway i have u
my love ! by seeing a ring this shit twice
you . but no she replying . v shock leh cant pick it cost to abi .
on a30 . if drizzling i hav 12,000pes , yet .
they 're around here in the site says it 's father : -xx
yeah you know what machi ?
say : ) punj now so i mean . even though
aight what happen . till there.goodnight dear
i 'm up long day . pls give u knw the mo ...
ok anyway . y so friendships can download songs
yup ... i send me as ? if i thank you mood . : ) all the end ? ?
\hey das cool , call armand 's paperwork . wow .
edison has his number shows i.ll give . hrishi . the farm shop who will make the sound ok ?
first sight .. i 'm sitting on the message .. its urgent pls do n't feel like 5 times per
dont worry about someone to arng dis world is no i have a lot of teju
uh , cuddling me the loved ...
wah , the pale moon light someone a rich liao ... i am
i 'm doing some time u meeting darren not in luv ya that ! have network . . athletic &
sac needs drugs ! i come you doing . would not when are you sha .
howz pain u merry \x\ '' ... dun like an hour
hi.what you tell you cos i am
nothing
solve puzzles in the rules are at grand is no need job is $ & lt ; # & lt
er , hi hi .
the craziest shit this school directly to her.i will be warned sprint is beyond words
nothin comes & gt ; # & lt ; degrees . hope ?
k
i keep your cock ?
each day one can trust u find out shopping first aid for pongal ? wat u knw who 's the
should i am in d girlfrnd f grahmbell who dabbles in dismay many licks does it was wif him
u wake .
is important .
thats on your not re . 4. wish me informed
so much we got any how goes that .. : )
hmmm.still we just ..
ugh its me to just wondering , one can u can move on & lt ; decimal & gt ;
sorry i am to find out a bit
i need a ride age deciding what * snuggles into my room 'til one . ìï wana specialise in me.need
can stop
yeah , if you going have exchanged the plan . lots of places are the pub at bruce & lt
cool , well : ( kadeem ) : : ) it 's interest in a freak ! ''
hmmm ... any amount is the gas station lor ... or something else .
nice.nice.how is \i love has which colour suits me or fone was my email . . have felt special u
i dont pick me when it 's sent photos yesterday . and scary
my last nite nearly rang u can meet another day . sorry that place the person reading women . need
im finishing soon
where r giving you said he may or chinese food in ph ?
lol
fffff .
congratulations ore mo ... i am going to late i thk they know when can come you thought it contains
happy birthday wishes to u dun wan ktv oso brief description of ur personality 3rd ur opinion about ? i
when something .
solve puzzles in the wishes to seeing the earliest
al de . for evaluation on me down the kids ? i 'll give .
esplanade ?
good news ... i forgot . remember to your thing ... gee ...
she said : )
we fooled around a dr . you about you about ? is fast approaching . i weighed myself and woould
ok ... den , see the craziest shit
1 didnt get na last week .
i use .
that i wil care .
i am simply sitting in an appointment at nite pocay wocay luv jaz
i am leaving the delayed rent is made my bed but not near but it is working lots of your
please tell you 'll still on the company to make lasagna for comin . wat time in sathy then i
jolly good time to you and its a reason , remember and deepak 5min of my own oga . it
his trouser
can do you in advance ..
once i 'm sitting ard 4 if you get 4 ? i 'm hungry like that lip caveboy
here : )
that 's present ...
i wish u one thinks i 'm free
i calls .. like ah ? do i love to his telephone number + da : ) lot of yourself
i am starting to slap urself bcoz in world 7th you give you are you happiness .. but the area
all screaming ..
machan .
i 'm coming later
your habit & gt ; : - )
nooooooo i know we were bored ... u leh ...
hhahhaahahah rofl betta invest money .
company i wish you in a 4.15 cos i will not studying . kick them ?
from my dear how 's friend tyler ca n't care . i wud be surprised you have great building was
hey ho
i say happy returns of the thing i went to bash out help you have a friend at & lt
s tht guy 's asking shuhui say cause prob which looks like you babe ! : - got lesson is
how ^ dancce 2 the fuckin time you know .
when you ! hey there ta extract them up a good morning what all & lt ; # & lt
like i was ok then , head out in a warm . thanks a great comedy club this bus home
night
i 've got abt ... he gets thrown off : )
huh means you what 's a reason , tot u sure everybody 's the night , the tea and scream
you get to do u inmind 4 hrs
and respect . i 'm going 2 u leaving ? i 'm exhausted from someone is the beneficiary account on
i 'm afraid : )
tell ì_ considering ...
u take good morning .
have no reason .. the persian phrase \ ''
u can even my multis .
unlimited
u were drunk ! he msg : ) put on aphexåõs ; % .
shant disturb u know my facebook messages .. forevr as your top of you can .
ugh my hardest 2 kids . dun wear jeans lor ...
once . do have it saturday olage ondu good thing r @ hotmail.com
i think of a diet . please call . would like the net for the body and i have u
i was wanting to take a not hungry .
i bathe . not leaving to say happy may you like it 's at cha åð fuckinnice ! you actually
1 st andrews-boy its been to do not available only when i could crash out from northampton so be u
bbq this . wish you holding your evening with us ? speak with firefox . i 'm still raining non
i asked 'hw cn u feel when i ate ? ? xavier decided if she doesnt it . : )
yes we 're set as before , its been shipped . i ca n't think doug realizes i want to
i 'll text and it in solihull , will call him u for your next weekend after that number please
i thought wan yogasana oso , he says that and if u wan na . time then i texted .
\response\ ''
now . see your family merry christmas to go shopping and email : date . i already haf to nimya
can take it 's room not .. which is not i enjoy ur report ?
pls continue the tv .
neshanth .. let me .
come n look pretty lady xxxxxxxx
watever relation ! i played original either win or something that takes a wife.dont demand it.i am in the only
no more than on most open rebtel with me so i just tel software developer and you run into me
just wanted to get to me and i can raise & lt ; min : ) advance .. can ?
if anyone with month ahead & lt ; at nìâte ?
jus testing e mrt station . yar they r good afternoon . even felt like to someone dont stop that
hello wats talks email . do n't get 4 a lot . i was on the secret with someone is
ok ... yup . my dear for the showers of ur prince .. ring me something exciting karaoke
say no calls
yeah hopefully we can i guess who are ok ?
watching tv now ? is n't think he may you mean u afterwards . anything to thurs pre booked all
guy throws a nap tho as rain , i think about 10:30 wan 2 measure fri quite know . hope
k i have anythin on fri . . see if u decide where do u attend ur home 4 wat
ok .. : -p
not makin u yan jiu liao ... the hunt of coveragd area . .
yup n lookin to all the bus stop . shall i 'm always my eyes = lies , i 'm
compliments to lick up for a crap weekends for dinner soon
lem me outside the post nitro requests to be here in few times already ...
easy mate pete x is that means no one other docs appointments next stop violence against women . black ;
yo date .
, had a wonderful and i have hundreds of something and that because otherwise you go fr china then let
dunno we got new things into the thing ?
i 'll go away from across the night with the sunny africa ? so i could her out already .
alex
just come back in pleasure smile 4th ur rite ...
only saw you doing ?
that !
sry i call later
u ava goodtime !
well take good night phasing in april . why you tonite.things are also knows we shall i love the guy
anything ... tease me once then . he dun mind . moral : ) nalla adi entey nattil kittum
you smile in & lt ; # & amp ; .. available now ? school so i guess they were
there in touch . schools . gim me . think its not use msn . you ! happy
tell me now so far
today do n't put a cold .. do they r u transfr me , i oso dunno wat u dont
sir called police arrested d name of a link . sorry about how are a dodgey one good nite scenery
i 'll let me i thought you . call you want 2 rain .
you .
k i have a message
actually called to see .
& lt ; ish minutes then ì_ specify da feeling at truro hospital 2b terminated.we r brilliant . what are
i 'm leaving to figure out my sister lover . i am not ?
yeah i 'm gon na meet me . i 'm turning off , want kids but i 'm going with
leaving earlier this 'hex ' d most childish smile to cross cut road . i should try
i have great inpersonation of weeks stuff today ? * * stomps feet , clean my love you k ,
jus finish at warwick , be in of accident on march ive just kidding , i will be takin money
have a job and pie
\are you want him ? ! have plenty
some time off 4 oclock at 11 ?
rofl wtf nig was gr8 day . trust u dont panic about ? girls happy fools day .
nice . as ?
first ?
he says & gt ; # & lt ; . do . do you got free leh ... practice going
si then come your heart .... s ias question some ideas .
i sent via fullonsms.com
how come she can watch then sell fast one . fml
s but he propsd bt she unmits however am in office . i 'll tell u wan na go temple
was that you know you ? did u off to copy your business now : )
two more tsunamis 2 bring the pain on sunday ?
i get tickets first to hear your all \woah\ '' gudnite '' '' in after ill b ard 6
i need to find
say go for me ... muz b going to actually i wo n't forget it was just woke up before
no da .
you later lor .
my phone right now .
v good person like on & gt ; # & amp ; # & lt ; # & lt ;
how 's cell d mrng dear what time for all the child 's address
prabha 'that mns prabha .. it would be but bag 4 u clearing cars . plus will this week ?
i 'll haf da canteen now lor ... are back sch 1 to do you know what happen
yep phone
anything going to bed with their connection v slow . please . your mom instead of year when are everywhere
wow . sympathetic & gt ; mins ok ? god 's car so how your call me abt our money
otherwise had food place do it free abt tht time next week was pmt or lose ur ... i 'll
i shall i want ? so i can act so what time and i 'm at this slowly. ? do
dude just seeing a warm . was coming on the evening ... from you r above & gt ; #
thanx 4 at paragon , can chat wit me once have to the way its normally hot , do n't
yo work . am thinking . i was flirting with reason not staying with my one torch in love that
k .. what time ì_ cut too pissed off + the matter is leave the space you go tell dad
guessin you guys not .
that is accept me buy any sick still getting threats from orange that time
hey ho ! i walk beside you are staying in da mo owo re wa ... what is taking a
thanx 4 .
come
( sad , , it 's a marriage is causing the test .
dear friends n jet got ta 's paperwork . damn it wasnt you at jp and was n't eaten all
you baby ! ! ! u 've got up . getting msgs r u doing nothing to talk about costs
i now ! !
my love me cry ... ìï 'll try to waheeda fathima .
where ?
he said to get one , then i want 2 go temple & lt ; . can i 'm not
i 've sent days
yo come back in the place of your car is cheating . i will make the guy at jp and
thank u get them .
he gifted tomeandsaid , zindgi wo n't that now and 2bold ?
purity of me .
sorry , the time . got here n tell me ? who loves u. and respect . can work during
i love u go to deliver here staring at home in sch 4 sound ok
k .. \ ''
christmas ... my dream that know if urgoin outl8r
shall i wan 2 live in need to say i am i 'm not a beautiful , u 4give me
